# Exam 2 - SEA INFO 6250 Fall 2017

## Overall instructions

Clone this project to your local environment and submit your work as a Pull Request to merge _your_ branch of "exam2" to master.  All files should be inside the correct exam-X directory, directly or in subdirectories.

* Do the work listed in **exam-concept-questions.md** with the answers in **exam-concept-answers.md**

* Create the word-game project as described in **exam-coding-instructions.md** Additional information needed is in **exam-ajax-instructions.md**

* Create unit tests as described below and in **exam-testing-instructions.md** 

Please submit your own work

## Particular structural requirements
Particular requirements include but are not limited to the style and quality requirements of the last exam as well as:

* Follow the best practices that have been described in class/in code reviews
* All your .jsx, .js, .test.js, any images, and .css  files are in src/ (but commands like `npm test` are NOT run from /src)
* One JSX component per .jsx file
* Component JSX files and variables start with a capital letter and follow other formatting conventions
* Non-presentation logic imported from non-JSX files (.js files that have no JSX)
* Components in .jsx files, logic in .js files
* No outside source of components, CSS, JS, images, etc - just your code
* Do not make use of browser localStorage or other storage or communication features (if you don't know what this means, you probably aren't doing anything wrong)
* Each Component should not do too much
* Most Components are not tightly coupled to their parent component 
* Components are reasonably reusable/generic
* Appropriate use and location of app state
* Do not use table tags or non-breaking spaces (nbsp) 
* The application does not have to work in ALL screen sizes, but different sizes of desktop screens should not have problems.  (If you don't set explicit height and width to the main elements, you should be fine)
* Strive to make maintainable JSX, JS, and CSS
* Do not have .js, .jsx, .css, or image files that are not related to the result, except for registerServiceWorkers.js, which stays as-is.
* `npm install` and `npm start` should do all I need to have this work.
* `npm test` works as described in **exam-testing-instructions.md**

## Presentational vs business logic

"Presentational" here means anything to do with creating or showing HTML or CSS, including any use of DOM nodes and methods.  "Non-presentational" means any logic that does not have to do with creating or showing HTML, CSS, or the use of DOM nodes and methods.  Numbers and strings generated by non-presentational logic CAN be displayed - it is about whether the logic is for the presentation or not, not whether the result is displayed.

In general, logic is non-presentational if:
* it performs calculations other that truly simple ones
* it performs text manipulations that are not HTML-related, beyond truly simple ones
* it determines how to alter data based on factors that are not presentational, even if the altered data is intended for presentation.  (This is 'business logic', which you want to keep out of your presentation logic)

Whether a calculation is "simple" is situational, but normally adding, subtracting, or comparing two numbers is simple, calling toLowercase() or .toFixed() or similar is simple.  If the logic is something you will need in multiple places, you should pull it out so it can be used in multiple places, even if you only have one place for it right now.

Submit any listed files, doing your best to demonstrate your skill and knowledge.

